techdebt: [CDS-83153]: Revamp PR Pipelines (#4087)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/gitops/pr-pipelines/pr-svc-env.md

---
title: Set up services, environments, and clusters for PR pipelines

> description: Use services, environments, and clusters to create Harness PR pipelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to set up services, environments, and clusters for use in Harness PR pipelines.
```
(Because the title has "set up" and the description has "use", and it cannot be both. Let me know whether this is okay.)

First, let's explore how to set up a Service in Harness.

## Service

The Harness service represents what you're deploying. In this case, we're deploying an application template which is specified as a `config.json` file.

1. In your Harness project, click on the **Services** tab.
2. Click on **New Service**.
3. In **Name**, enter **PR Example**.
4. In **Manifests**, click **Add Release Repo Manifest**.
5. In **Release Repo Store**, select one of the following repositories.

### Configuring a Harness Connector for your repository

```mdx-code-block
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';   
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
```
```mdx-code-block
<Tabs>
<TabItem value="GitHub" label="GitHub" default>
```

Add a Harness GitHub connector to configure the location for Harness to fetch the `config.json` file.

> To add a Harness GitHub connector:

Reviewer 2: should we link the docs to create other provider's connectors here? @michaelcretzman can you please suggest?

Author: I agree with this
